EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/customers/vat_handling.md

The VAT handling for customers inside eZ Commerce is controlled by:

- The ERP system
- The settings from the User Content item 
- Default settings configured in a YAML file

> The ERP system has the highest priority. It means if ERP can provide the info about the VAT handling, this setting is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ERP system has the highest priority. It means that if ERP can provide the info about the VAT handling, this setting is used. 
```

> The ERP system has the highest priority. It means if ERP can provide the info about the VAT handling, this setting is used. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ERP system has the highest priority. It means that if ERP can provide the information about the VAT handling, this setting is used. 
```

> If the attributes are set up in the User Content item, these settings are used if the ERP is not used or does not provide this info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the attributes are set up in the User Content item, these settings are used (provided that the ERP is not used or does not provide this info).
```

> If the attributes are set up in the User Content item, these settings are used if the ERP is not used or does not provide this info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the attributes are set up in the User Content item, these settings are used if the ERP is not used or does not provide this information.
```

> As a last fallback, the settings defined per SiteAccess are used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the last fallback, the settings defined per SiteAccess are used. 
```

||Use case|What happens in the shop|
|--- |--- |--- |
|Customer has to pay VAT|`false` if for legal reasons the customer does not have to pay VAT (this is usually the case for some B2B cases).|If `false`, the shop will not calculate VAT|
|Display Price inc VAT|`false` only if the customer does not have to pay VAT|If `false`, the price in the shop will be without VAT|

## VAT settings from the ERP

The ERP can provide VAT settings per customer when a `selectcustomer` request is sent after a login.

> There are two attributes which can be set by the ERP system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two attributes that can be set by the ERP system:
```

- SesExtension->`HasToPayVat` 
- SesExtension->`DisplayPriceInclVat`

> The default mapping is defined in `silver.e-shop/src/Silversolutions/Bundle/EshopBundle/Resources/mapping/wc3-nav/xsl/response.select_customer.xsl`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default mapping is defined in `silver.e-shop/src/Silversolutions/Bundle/EshopBundle/Resources/mapping/wc3-nav/xsl/response.select_customer.xsl`:
```

## VAT settings from the user object 

The VAT handling can be defined per User. 

![](../img/customers_vat_setting.png)

> Remember to use the correct identifiers and to check the checkox **Default value**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you use the correct identifiers and select the **Default value** checkbox.
```
